This file is to help new coders that want to make a mud from this base.


NO NULL?!
---------
No, use 0, not NULL.


Do you plan to release updated versions of this base?
-----------------------------------------------------
Hopefully yes, I am working off this base in making a mud of my own.
As things start to flesh out into a more firm base structure that can
be worked upon, I want to release it to the public.  I get sidetracked
a lot, though, so don't expect anything :)


What should I do now?
---------------------
1) Make mobs and players.  I'm using this base for another mud I'm making,
and I created mob.c.  Put a pointer to a mob/player in the socket structure.
Then in the NANNY function you will need to create a player for each
connected socket.  The player should have the name, not the socket ;-)
Create a linked list for mobs and players, this should be easy to do,
just look at what I did with sockets.  Look in macros.h and check out
the linked list macros I created.. AddToList, RemoveFromList, and most
importantly, NewObject.  These are used in the code as well.  Personally,
I am having mobs and players use the same structure, so I only have a
"mob" list which includes players...

The basic pfile structure is there.  You should be able to work off it
easily.  

2) After someone can connect with a "real" character, you should
start on making rooms, a world they can walk around in.  You can use
a linked list of rooms like most muds, or go with a simple two
dimensional array which is getting more popular; for things like wilderness.
You'll need to develop room reading and writing, you don't want your
areas hardcoded ;-)  But again, the basic input/output system is there,
use it or modify off of it!

3) After players can walk around the world, create objects.  Objects they
can pick up, drop, give to someone else, etc.  You need to start thinking
of your combat or spell system, because the way people will "wear" objects
is important in relation to these.  Do you want limb combat?  Maybe each
limb can wear 1 or more pieces of clothing, etc.  this is the time to add
doors, fountains, houses, etc....

4) After objects are in place, players can walk around, get objects, look
at objects, etc..  Now you need to start creating your mud!  Combat system,
spell system, classes, races, more complex manipulation of the world, etc.

5) I've never gotten this far when creating a mud from scratch :P  But now
is probably the time to create immortals/wizards with powers to manipulate
the world, flesh things out, start beta testing and building....

6) Be creative, I just described making your basic run-of-the-mill mud.  
There are many unexplored areas and ideas.  Think of a fantasy world you
want to live in, and create it.

http://www.mudconnect.com
Register, and go check out the boards.  Post your questions :)


How can I contact you?
----------------------
borlak@home.com
If it's a question related to coding, I suggest asking on mud connector 
first, you will get many more (and possibly better) answers than I can give :)

